Possible Developments in Laos up to 1960
Probable Communist Courses of Action in Asia up to 1960
L14 subject registration booklet for the 25/301/- section of Defence classified file series, A816: intelligence (file numbers 5 - 616)  - Book 1
ANZAM Military Staff Planners Meeting - Pearl Harbour - October 1955
ANZUS staff planners' meeting, Pearl Harbour. Report No.3, 1956
Middle East. Intelligence summaries.
Special Intelligence - Joint Intelligence Committee - Six monthly review
South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Second Meeting of the Council of Ministers held at Karachi (from 6-8 March 1956)
South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Report of the Council Representatives to the Council, March 1956
SEATO [South-East Asia Treaty Organisation]. Second Meeting of the Committee of Economic Experts, Bangkok, Thailand, 12-18 January 1956
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - NSW - Repairs Branch
Communist Party of Australia - Victoria - BALWYN branch
Communist Party of Australia - Victoria - Burwood branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] (Western Australia) - Claremont Branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] (Western Australia) - Applecross branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - (Western Australia) - South Perth branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - (Western Australia) - Kalamunda branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - (Western Australia) - Leederville Branch
Tasmania - Public meetings
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - Tasmania - Beauty Point branch
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Bassendean Branch
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Belmont Park Branch
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Nedlands Branch
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - Tasmania - Finance
Communist Party of Australia (Western Australia) aggregate meetings
Communist Party of Australia (Tasmania) Aggregate meetings
Communist Party of Australia (New South Wales) Aggregate meetings
Communist Party of Australia. Social activities - Queensland
Communist Party of Australia - Progress Association faction - New South Wales
Communist Party of Australia, "Corvette", Garden Island Publications
Communist Party of Australia. Carriage News.
Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. Schools
Communist Party of Australia. Security within Communist Party of Australia
Communist Party of Australia - Junior League Magazine
Communist Party of Australia - Dynamo
Communist Party of Australia - Canberra Propaganda
Communist Party of Australia - Victoria, Schools
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales schools [Volume 2]
Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania, illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia - campaigns to increase membership and gain public support
Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, social activities
Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania, schools
CPA [Communist Party of Australia] - Western Australia - Cadres
Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Waterloo Branch
Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Menindee Branch
Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Evans Head Branch
Communist Party of Australia (New South Wales) Students' Congress
Communist Party of Australia (illegal apparatus) expenditure
Communist Party of Australia - illegal apparatus (illegal publications)
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia South Australia - undercover addresses
Communist Party of Australia - Queensland - illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales - illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania - illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia - use of airfields
Communist Party of Australia - Lists of Vehicles
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Northern suburbs (Wollongong) Branch.
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Moss Vale Branch.
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Herne Bay Branch.
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Jannali Branch.
Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Malleys, South Sydney, Branch
Visit of representative of foreign service [imposed title, original title wholly exempt]
Named country [imposed title, original title wholly exempt]
Communist Party of Australia. Wharf Branch Victoria
Communist Party of Australia. Eureka Youth League. Victoria
SEATO Extra-ordinary Military Advisers' Meeting, Karachi, March 1956
ASIS Codeword procedures [Australian Secret Intelligence Service]
Far East - JIC [Joint Intelligence Committee] Singapore - Reports
Communism - SEATO - Information Committee
Communism - SEATO - Information Committee
Formosa - External relations - General
Communist Party of Australia, Western Australia- schools
SEATO Staff planners 3rd meeting, Singapore 1956. SEATO position paper on the subject of allocation, control and protection of allied shipping (Agenda Item F)
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Geraldton branch.
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Freemantle branch.
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Swan branch.
Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Waterfront Tasmania.
Communist Party of Australia - History of - Volume 1
[Intelligence] [modified title, original item title partially exempt] Reports
Anglo-Amercian strategy in the Far East
Indo-China: Information for JIB [Joint Intelligence Bureau]
Australia, New Zealand and United States Staff Planners Meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956 [Remainder of title exempt]
Probable communist courses of action in Asia up to 1960.
Communist Party of Australia - Papua New Guinea, illegal apparatus
Communist Party of Australia - Illegal organisation (photos)
ANZUS staff planners meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956
ANZUS Council meeting - Washington, November 1956
CPA (SA) [Communist Party of Australia (South Australia)] Finance
CPA (WA) [Communist Party of Australia, Western Australia)] Finance
Antarctic - International Geophysical Year - Russian Participation
Review of ANZAM planning by United States Joint Chiefs of Staff
Correspondence between the Director General of ASIO and the Prime Minister relating to 'The Case' and the Petrovs
Rex Alfred MORTIMER. Volume 1
Cabin 12, administration - Personal correspondence to Vladimir and Evdokia PETROV
[Modified title: CIS co-operation with ASIO - complaint regarding SJ MARUZEWSKI, aka MARUE]
Estimates 1956-1957 [portion of title exempt]
GILLEN, James Patrick - Supp 1
Joint intelligence bureau, Victoria Barracks - Theft of staff's money [12 pages]
Geddes, Herbert Thomas - Volume 1 additional papers
Kay, Helen
CHRISTESEN, Clement Byrne Part 3
DEVILLAN, J [16 pages]
